Requirements and limitations
----------------------------
Skippy depends on:

    * An X11R6 server
    * Xft - the X Font library Imlib2
    * A NETWM or GNOME WM Specs compliant window-manager.

So far, it's been sucessfully tested using OpenBox-3.2, Fluxbox-0.9.9
(thanks daelstorm!), XFWM4 (thanks SeeSchloss!), Metacity (thanks
SmackleFunky!), WindowMaker (thanks SuperBFG7), IceWM (thanks Tomasz
Torcz), PekWM (thanks Josh Chaney), Waimea (thanks Gad
'make-up-your-mind' Kadosh) and KWin (no, BlackBox and ion aren't
supported).

Note: if you want to use skippy with WindowMaker, make sure WindowMaker
is compiled with gnome support.

Another note: If you use KDE, Skippy might have trouble grabbing the F11
key. You can make it bind to a different key in the config file (see the
skippyrc-default file that's in the tarball). Scroll_Lock is reported to
work (thanks Dmitriy!).

Because of the way standard X11 works, Skippy has to raise all windows
before it can take a snapshot. If there's something that obscures the
window (like a window in a layer above it), Skippy won't be able to make
a snapshot correctly.

Usage
-----
Skippy is pretty easy to use. Just compile (and optionally
install) it, and press the hotkey (the default hotkey is F11). Then
choose a window with either the keyboard (you can use up, down, left and
right to navigate) or the mouse (just hover over a window) and activate
it by pressing the left mouse button or the return or spacebar key.

There are also two or three modifiers you can use with the hotkey: hold
Control and Skippy will update the snapshots of all the windows. Hold
Mod1 (aka the alt key) and skippy will only show the windows of the
currently focused window's window group (like, all of gimp's windows, or
all of kopete's windows), and if Skippy is compiled with Xinerama
support and you have several heads, hold shift while pressing the hotkey
to make it show the windows on all heads.
